in season two of you we learned the
truth about joe's past relationship with
ex candice after getting into a fight
upon discovering that candace was having
an affair joe accidentally makes candace
hit her head thinking he's killed her
joe buries candace's body and flees it
turns out candace wasn't dead and wakes
up after having been buried alive she
goes to the police to have joe arrested
but they turn her away and so now
candace has to get her own justice by
making sure joe's life was miserable and
to stop him from ever hurting another
woman with candace back in the picture
joe flees new york city to hide out in
los angeles he locks up professional
identity forger will bettelheim in a
newly built book vault and assumes his
identity then joe quickly secures
himself in new apartment and a new job
working in the book section of a trendy
grocery store called a navrin although
his new life is quickly complicated by
enemies of the real will like jasper who
cuts off joe's finger due to being owed
fifty thousand dollars joe is forced to
kill jasper but proving to himself that
he's a better changed man joe also
releases the real will bettelheim from
the book vault after he promises to keep
quiet joe quickly finds a new object of
his desire love quinn a recent widow
from a wealthy family that owns a
naverin unlike beck love is quickly all
in on her relationship with joe right
from the start and it's joe who is
hesitant to pursue the relationship due
to fearing it will lead love to the same
fate as beck but joe eventually succumbs
to his desires and engages in a
relationship with love complicating his
relationship with love is her own
codependent relationship with her twin
brother 40. fordy is a recovering addict
and trust fund baby who dreams of being
a famous writer and director but lacks
the drive and talent necessary to
succeed if joe wanted to be with love 40
came with her as a package deal soon joe
has been roped into helping forty write
his next attempted film project an
adaptation of gwynevere beck's book and
if 40's own personal drama wasn't enough
he soon finds himself a new girlfriend
named amy who is actually candace
arriving in la to blow up joe's life
when candace tells love the truth about
will bettelheim aka joe goldberg the
murderer of multiple people including
guinevere beck love takes joe's side who
explains that candace is just a crazy
ex-girlfriend he was trying to escape
from as all of this is going on joe is
also developing a friendship with his
new teenage neighbor ellie when ellie
lands an internship with famous comedian
henderson ellie's older sister delilah
confides in joe that henderson has a
history of sexually assaulting minors
including delilah when she was younger
and so joe goes into vengeful protector
mode confronting henderson about his
history of abuse this confrontation ends
with joe accidentally pushing henderson
down a flight of stairs which kills him
leading to yet another murder for joe to
have to cover up henderson's death is
ruled a suicide but delilah's cop friend
with benefits fincher starts looking
more into the case and begins to suspect
joe this prompts delilah to search joe's
apartment for evidence which prompts joe
to lock delilah up in his book fault joe
doesn't want to kill delilah and leave
ellie an orphan so joe plans to release
her and flee the country leaving behind
love but when joe goes to the book fault
the next morning he finds that delilah
has been murdered candace arrives and
locks joe inside then calls love to the
scene so that she can prove once and for
all that joe is a murderer but this plan
backfires on canis as love murders her
and confesses to joe that she's the one
that killed delilah so that joe's secret
was safe and he wouldn't need to run
away without her and then love reveals
that she also killed her and 40's au
pair when they were children and that
all season long she has been
manipulating joe to make him fall in
love with her the same way he did to her
and beck this shatters joe's image of
love and he even debates killing her but
love reveals that she's pregnant so joe
decides to try loving love again so that
he could be with his baby and although
love can forgive joe of his past crimes
her twin brother 40 cannot confronting
the two of them and holding joe at
gunpoint and that's when officer fincher
arrived shooting and killing 40. the
murder of henderson is then pinned on 40
and the quinn family helps to cover up
the crime joe then gives the newly
orphaned ellie a stack of cash and
promises to continue sending money as
she runs off to start a new life
somewhere else now with all of his
roadblocks and issues resolved joe is
free to be with love moving into a nice
suburban house together in which they
could raise their baby but
finding out love as a murderer is not
something joe can move past so easily
and he's already got his sights set on
his next object of desire his new next
door neighbor and that's everything that
happened in season two of you let me
know some of your favorite moments in
the comments below like this video if
you found it helpful subscribe to this
channel for more content like it and
that does it for me in this one but i'll
see you in the next one
[Music]